# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).


## v0.0.5 - 2025-12-09
### Added (Patch, new features)
* added jwk signing key endpoints, jwk, user & group repo methods
* Added auth middleware support to the API server. This includes:
- API key management to represent machine identities.
- Oauth2 & OIDC authentication methods for users with cookie and header based authentication.
- STS token exchange for enabling upstream applications to exchange user tokens for internal tokens.
- JWT signing key management for signing and verifying JWTs.

* added initial sdk-y build

## v0.0.4 - 2025-12-02
### Added (Patch, new features)
* Added environment variable command support
### Fixed (Patch, bug fixes)
* release build of the API server was not adding the vite frontend routes
* fixed a race condition on saving out the soma.yaml file from cache

## v0.0.3 - 2025-11-28
### Fixed (Patch, bug fixes)
* fix secret sync mechanics
### Patch (Other, non-breaking changes)
* Fixed a bug relating to where local keys end up, fix CI issues

## v0.0.2 - 2025-11-27
### Added (Patch, new features)
* Added bash completions, project init command to soma CLI
* Added secrets management to core platform. you can set secrets using the CLI "soma secret set" and "soma secret rm". "soma secret list" will list all 
### Patch (Other, non-breaking changes)
* trigger a release, fix napi build process
* Moved encryption management. shifted encryption management into it's own crate for re-usability outside of just the bridge MCP server.

## v0.0.1 - 2025-11-13
### Fixed (Patch, bug fixes)
* testing changie release
### Patch (Other, non-breaking changes)
* test initial release process
